**Q: How can I identify and remove the implants you describe to achieve clearer thinking and resist the entity’s control?**

**My answer:** It's important to understand that removing implants to achieve clearer thinking isn't necessarily for everyone. It's an extremely personal choice. Let's break it down:

1. **Challenges:** Though removing implants could bring you clearer thinking, it could also introduce another layer of struggle. The detox procedure can be potentially painful, time-consuming, and complicated. Additionally, I should note that I don't think the complete removal of implants is possible merely with personal efforts. The reason for that is that 1. implants are too pervasive; they are virtually in every corner of your body. 2. when you remove some implants, new implants are still being ingested into your system. (The only way one can remove all implants is we destroy the underlying mind control infrastructure, which I don't know a way to do that without unifying everyone's effort in the first place.)
2. **First step:** The first step to removing an implant is to allow your nervous system to sense its existence. It's necessary to understand our body comes with a natural detox function and is designed to heal itself, but first, it must know there is a problem that needs fixing. Thus, the first layer of the implant's defense mechanism is to prevent your nervous system from detecting its presence, thereby escaping the body's natural detox mechanism. The way to address this is to stop consuming any drugs and reduce the intake of processed foods. The entity disperses some kind of lightweight narcotics into air, food, water, and drugs, just as it distributes the implants. It's my understanding that drugs and processed food contain the highest concentration of such lightweight narcotics. If you consume drugs regularly, it is highly unlikely that you will ever feel the implant. However, if your immediate well-being depends on some drugs, I wouldn't recommend stopping them, as this means you are too dependent on the implants and removing them could be harmful to you.
3. **Finding your own detox procedure:** After at least some alleviation of the involuntary intake of lightweight narcotics, combined with a certain degree of meditation, you should be able to start finding a detox procedure that is suitable for you. Although I have found my detox procedure, it’s important to understand that this information is not to be circulated for several reasons. Firstly, my method is only suitable for my body because it came from my epiphany; it’s not necessarily suitable for you. Secondly, circulating this kind of information is risky. Often, it will be framed as medical misinformation and attract unwanted attention, and in some extreme cases, it may even be illegal. I'm not going to lie; obtaining information about a suitable detox procedure for you in this control grid is quite challenging. You need to see through the illusion of the modern medical system to some degree, at least. After the pandemic, perhaps it's not that hard as before. Just research some of the following topics, and you just might be able to see through the illusion: 1. How Big Pharma hijacked the medical institutes systematically from the 1950s. 2. How cancer could be a fake disease. 3. How allopathic medicine systematically rose and how other kinds of medicine, such as homeopathic or holistic medicine, have been systematically suppressed throughout history. Here, we can see that implant removal and awakening (clearer thinking) do not occur as a sequence of steps; rather, they must work in an interlocked manner to achieve true awakening.
4. **Continuous refinement:** After removing a significant portion of the implants, you should be able to think more clearly. This also means you have found a detox method to consistently decrease the amount of implants, and this detox must be continuously applied; otherwise, the ingested implants could accumulate again. This does not mean you should keep doing the same detox procedure; rather, you need to update the procedure according to your body's reactions. After the lightweight narcotics wear off, you receive all kinds of signals transmitted from your body, some of which may even be new to you. You must learn to interpret these signals and update the detox procedure in conjunction with the insights gained from your gradual awakening.
5. **Risks:** I should note that seeing through all the lies is not necessarily a fortunate thing for everyone. It could cause your trust in every system that supported you as you grew up to collapse completely. It's like what was described in the Matrix movie franchise, which explains why they often don't free the minds of adults.

**Q: How do I distinguish fake people from genuine ones in my social circles?**

**My answer:** It's my understanding that fake people can only be consistently detected telepathically. All genuine people possess telepathic abilities (because we were once all connected), but they are often suppressed and manifest as empathy. So if you have reached a certain degree of implant removal, you should intuitively know which person is fake. By my own account, I consider 99.9% of the people within my reach to be fake. This does not mean it represents the percentage of the total population because the purpose of fake people is to surround genuine people, making them separate from other genuine people. So the same fake person could be running around, creating an appearance that they occupy most of the population.

There are, however, some traits or signs to help one identify a fake person: 1. A fake person is often directly controlled by the entity, so they say whatever they need to say and do whatever needs to be done, regardless of their own character consistency. This can manifest as a psychopath, sociopath, or pathological liar. 2. A fake person can consistently climb up the social ladder, not because they do something right, but because they are "elected" to be in that position to perform specific tasks. It's the people around that fake person who help him climb up, not through his own efforts. From this, we can deduce that almost all people in higher positions are fake people. This includes most celebrities and the richest people.

**Q: What practical steps can I take to practice discernment in the material realm to reduce struggle?**

**My answer:** The way to reduce struggle is strongly correlated to reducing attachment to this material realm, which, in turn, is directly connected to how to reach ultimate freedom. So, I will talk about how to reduce attachment to this material realm.

There is a simple exercise that one can do every day. Just pretend that you will suddenly die tomorrow, which is always a possibility for anyone in this world. By assuming that, ask yourself: 1. Is there something that you regret? 2. How does this assumption affect how you feel about that thing you want so much? This simple exercise, practiced by many terminal illness patients, helps people get a clear picture of what really matters in life and what tangles you into this material realm. After realizing what tangles you to this material realm, it will be easier to understand how to reach genuine freedom.

**Q: Does the Law of Free Will mean we can overcome the entity entirely in this lifetime, or is partial freedom the best we can achieve?**

**My answer:** I suspect defeating (i.e. overcoming) the entity entirely in this lifetime will violate the “Law of Free Will.” The reason for that is that many genuine people are still deep in the false reality manufactured by the entity. Under heavy influence of the implants and fake people, many of them could even believe they are living lives that are free and happy. If we defeat the entity entirely, this reality will be destroyed. The loved ones crafted by the entity to bind us will be gone with the destruction of the reality. The genuine people still under influence will not want this outcome. Perhaps that is why Jesus, even with the ability, cannot directly help us who are still trapped inside. Jesus, a creator god, brought gnosis to awaken us but cannot destroy the entity without violating free will. I mean, Jesus could use his power to defeat the entity, but in the process, he might also go against the will of many genuine people whose loved ones could be destroyed along with the action.

Following this deduction, unless we can wake up all genuine people at the same time, which seems highly unlikely given the situation of pervasive mind control, the remaining option seems to be waking up on an individual basis. Thus, the achievable freedom while we are still in the material realm is somewhat limited by the fact that many other genuine people are still deeply attached to this realm. Even with limited freedom, it enables you to see through the entity's lies, a significant step toward enlightenment itself.

